feat(cost-calculator) - reset form fields explicitly (#350)
remoteoss/remote-flows: src/flows/CostCalculator/README.md

| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `onSubmit`        | `(payload: CostCalculatorEstimateParams) => void`    | No         | Callback with the form payload sent to Remote API. Runs before submitting the form to Remote |
| `onSuccess`       | `(response: CostCalculatorEstimateResponse) => void` | No         | Callback with the successful estimation data                                                 |
| `onError`         | `(error: Error) => void`                             | No         | Error handling callback                                                                      |
| `shouldResetForm` | `boolean`                                            | No         | If true, the form will be reset after a successful submission. Default is `false`.           |

> | `resetFields`     | `'country'                                           | 'currency' | 'salary'[]`                                                                                  | No  | You can pass an array like ['country'] and only country and the region will be cleared |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resetFields`     | `'country'                                           | 'currency' | 'salary'[]`                                                                                  | No  | Clears specified form fields. Pass field names as an array (e.g., ['country']). When resetting nested fields like 'country', related dependent fields (e.g., region) will also be cleared automatically. |
```
